---
title: Historic ‘Survivor 50’ Delivers Most-Watched Finale Since 2020
url: https://www.paramount.com/news/historic-survivor-50-delivers-most-watched-finale-since-2020
date: '2026-05-21'
author: Colby.Colodner@paramount.com
feed_url: http://www.viacom.com/rss.xml
---
Historic ‘Survivor 50’ Delivers Most-Watched Finale Since 2020 May 21, 2026 Content Success Historic ‘Survivor 50’ Delivers Most-Watched Finale Since 2020 Last night's milestone finale for 'Survivor 50' drew an average 5.78 million viewers, making it the most-watched season finale the Emmy-winning series has seen in five years. Last night's milestone finale for Survivor 50 drew an average 5.78 million viewers, making it the most-watched season finale the Emmy-winning series has seen since 2020 (based on Nielsen Preliminary panel only data). In a live broadcast from the Paramount Pictures Studio lot, host and executive producer Jeff Probst revealed the jury's verdict, crowning New Hampshire native Aubry Bracco the Sole Survivor and handing her a $2 million prize. The finale was up 32% over the most recent Survivor finale in December and up 35% over last spring's. The momentum was building all season, as the show averaged 4.9 million viewers across its run. The finale outpaced that average by 17% and surpassed the penultimate episode by 20%. On a Live+35 basis across broadcast and streaming, Survivor 50 averaged 9.8 million total viewers for the season, up 26% from the most recent fall season, tying as the most-watched reality broadcast program. And then there's social. The Survivor 50 finale was the most social episode in Survivor history, nearly doubling the previous record set by the Survivor 50 premiere, with 986,000 interactions generated across Facebook, Instagram, X, and YouTube. It was also the top non-sports broadcast program on social for the night. Additional Sources: Nielsen panel only data Nielsen Multiplatform Data Analysis; Big Data P2+ Prime AA, L+35, 9/14-4/5/2026 + Nielsen SCR, 35-Day Total Flight for streaming Social Content Ratings Talkwalker linear social TV ratings data for 5/20/26 Colby.Colodner… Thu, 05/21/2026 - 17:54 Topic Content Success NewsImage (Mobile) News Short Description Last night's milestone finale for 'Survivor 50' drew an average 5.78 million viewers, making it the most-watched season finale the Emmy-winning series has seen in five years. Background Color #ffd400 1 Featured News Off Cache Purge Confirmation No, don't purge the cache
