---
title: '‘Top Gun’ at 40: The Need for Speed Never Fades'
url: https://www.paramount.com/news/top-gun-at-40-the-need-for-speed-never-fades
date: '2026-05-13'
author: Colby.Colodner@paramount.com
feed_url: http://www.viacom.com/rss.xml
---
‘Top Gun’ at 40: The Need for Speed Never Fades May 13, 2026 ‘Top Gun’ at 40: The Need for Speed Never Fades As Paramount celebrates this milestone anniversary, the franchise returns to theaters and looks ahead to its next chapter, underscoring its lasting global impact. Forty years after it first took audiences to the edge of the danger zone, Top Gun continues to soar, fueling a legacy that has spanned generations and redefined blockbuster filmmaking. As Paramount celebrates this milestone anniversary, the franchise returns to theaters and looks ahead to its next chapter, underscoring its lasting global impact. This May marks the 40th anniversary of Top Gun , the thrilling, landmark film that defined the essential ‘80s blockbuster. Since its debut on May 16, 1986, the aviation-fueled classic has continued to make audiences feel the need for speed. Powered by Tom Cruise’s iconic performance, it became the highest-grossing film of 1986 and a global phenomenon, earning more than $357 million worldwide.  From its electrifying aerial visuals to its unforgettable soundtrack — including the Oscar® winning “Take My Breath Away”— Top Gun cemented its place as a Paramount classic and cultural touchstone. Its themes of pushing limits, loyalty and camaraderie, ambition, and identity remain just as relevant today, resonating across generations. That enduring appeal is matched by a commitment to storytelling that has defined the franchise from the beginning and extends seamlessly into the sequel. Top Gun: Maverick is a continuation of the franchise's legacy, and builds on the emotional core, spectacle, and authenticity that made Top Gun a global phenomenon. “People had asked for a sequel for decades,” said Tom Cruise. “This has a story, tone, feeling and look that is totally compelling and very much continues what we started in the first movie,” producer Jerry Bruckheimer added. Reflecting on the original film’s impact on his career, Tom Cruise shared, “When we started working on [ Top Gun: Maverick ]… I just felt like a kid again, like I was back in 1985, working with [Jerry]… For me, like Jerry, I always just wanted to make great stories and entertain the world.” The film’s multi-generational impact is equally powerful. As Top Gun: Maverick star Glen Powell shared, “ Top Gun is literally the reason I became an actor… I first saw Top Gun when I was 10 years old with my dad… After seeing the movie, that’s when I asked him to start taking me to acting classes. So, when I found out they were making a sequel, I even talked about it like I was already on the movie. It’s the only movie I’ve ever been this passionate about.” To celebrate the milestone, Top Gun is returning to theaters for a special one-week engagement beginning May 13. For the first time, the film will be presented in immersive premium formats and IMAX 2D®, delivering an upgraded theatrical experience for new audiences and longtime fans alike. The re-release will be paired with Top Gun: Maverick , creating a must-see, back-to-back viewing event that brings together two of the most celebrated aviation films of all time. Top Gun: Maverick earned more than $1.5 billion at the global box office, becoming the #1 film of 2022 and the highest-grossing movie in Paramount Pictures’ history. Looking ahead, the franchise remains firmly on course. At CinemaCon, Paramount Pictures Co-Chair Josh Greenstein confirmed that a sequel to Top Gun: Maverick is in development, with a script underway and Tom Cruise set to reunite with producer Jerry Bruckheimer. Their creative partnership remains central to the franchise’s continued success. As Bruckheimer puts it, “Tom is Maverick and Maverick is Top Gun . Maverick carries on a legacy, and Tom Cruise carries on a legacy.” Cruise echoed that sentiment: “A Top Gun movie isn’t a Top Gun movie without Jerry Bruckheimer.” As Top Gun celebrates 40 years, its legacy continues to grow, driving cultural impact, theatrical success, and global audience connection. Don’t miss Top Gun and Top Gun: Maverick ’s return to theaters , and add both films to your collection in 4K Ultra HD today. Colby.Colodner… Wed, 05/13/2026 - 19:17 NewsImage (Mobile) News Short Description As Paramount celebrates this milestone anniversary, the franchise returns to theaters and looks ahead to its next chapter, underscoring its lasting global impact. Background Color #ffd400 1 Featured News Off
